mom what do you want riot what are you
listening to are we wearing the same
shirt that is haha kott not man very
cool well you're gonna need to change Oh
what why I was definitely wearing this
first no I'm pretty sure I saw you this
morning looking at what I was wearing
and you put that on what that's the most
ridiculous thing I've ever heard yeah
okay man you've been copying my hair
you've been copying my shoes what's up
with this dude what I've had my own
style ever since I was a baby what does
that have to do with anything fine then
we'll both change do you're doing this
on purpose I'm doing this on purpose
you're the one copying me I'm the trendy
one you're the one copying me oh yeah
well I'm the oldest and you're adopted
I'm adopted yeah sorry to break the news
to you buddy
you're gonna pay for this let's finish
this yeah sorry it took me so long to
what is going on whoa guys guys just
maybe we can just work something out
here